and then guys on youtube Helena agreement
with the staff again in the area
in the explanation about truck traced
reduce the number of people who are
getting the ball rolling that I'm trendy
a stroke here and two boxes 31 280 thousand
strong
I will pass the procedures here from the 16th
margin on this path
remembering that this truck is already
super reduced
Let's have this little orange light on it.
this is how you dropped lollipop year in bray
now reduced the procedures
of the 16 gear knob first reduced
the first simple button downloaded button
Second reduced second so prepared
third reduced raised button
third so downloaded fourth button
reduced fourth simple button raises
the second front button raised the box
low button that is reduced raised
the fifth button so low sixth
reduced sixth simple button right one
reduced up right button but
simple bosch the reduced octave button
raised the octave single button
There were 16 male manga slogans that
to pass it fits the lollipop tv
down you can not trigger the
second box to start the second
box of 60 that lift the lollipop to be
just a basic explanation for who is
starting the ball now the netherlands in the
Next video explains about the truck
traced
paid until the next a hug salt knows